CSS and CSS3

• What are the benefits of using CSS? 
Ans:- Faster Page Speed
	Better User Experience
	Quicker Development Time
	Easy Formatting Changes
	Compatibility Across Device
• What are the disadvantages of CSS? 
Ans:- Confusion Due to many CSS levels
	Cross-browser issues
	Security Issues
	Extra work for developers
• What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?   
Ans:- CSS3 is split into many various documents known as Modules.
each module adds new capability or extends options outlined in css2
over conserving backward compatibilty.The css3 version supports more browser than css2.
• Name a few CSS style components 
Ans:- Selector:element name,id name,class name
	Property:color,border,font-size
	Values:Defines Value allocated for properties
• What do you understand by CSS opacity? 
Ans:- Opacity sets the opacity of an element.
• How can the background color of an element be changed? 
Ans:- bg color of an element can be changed by using background-color property
For eg. background-color:"red"; 
• How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 
Ans:- By using image-repeat property
For eg. image-repeat:"no-repeat";
• What is the use of the background-position property? 
Ans:- It sets the initial position for each background image.
• Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
Ans:- background-attachment property.
• Why should background and color be used as separate properties? 
Ans:- It enhance the legibility of style sheets.
• How to center block elements using CSS1? 
Ans:- By using align-items property.
• What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
Ans:- There are three ways to integrate css as a web page
	Inline css
	Internal css
	External css
• What is embedded style sheets? 
Ans:- It allows you to define styles for the whole Html Documenrt in one place.
• What are the external style sheets?
Ans:- It is a seperate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.
• What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets? 
Ans:-The advantages of External Style Sheets are as follows :

With the help of External Style Sheets, the styles of numerous documents can be organized from one single file.
In External Style Sheets, Classes can be made for use on numerous HTML element types in many forms of the site.
In complex contexts, Methods like selector and grouping can be implemented to apply styles.

The disadvantages of External Style Sheets are as follows :

An extra download is essential to import style information for each file.
The execution of the file may be deferred till the external style sheet is loaded.
While implementing style sheets, we need to test Web pages with multiple browsers in order to check compatibility issues.
• What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
Ans:-A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which
HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.
• What are the media types allowed by CSS? 
Ans:- continuous or paged.
visual, audio, speech, or tactile.
grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.
interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).
all (includes all media types)
• What is the rule set? 
Ans:-the ruleset is defined as the rule which we have followed for giving style to the selectors. 